hey guys welcome back to my Channel
today I have a Christmas haul and really
excited to show you guys everything i
got for christmas my sister candy
actually got me a quilt from my bed and
I thought he was really really cute
vintage looking it's you know just thin
and it's not something I would normally
get so I thought it was really cool and
it's gonna add a really really cute
twist to my room this is the martha
stewart collection she also got me
matching pillow cases without me too but
here's an example about one of them
looks they're very very thin as you guys
can see but they're really really soft
and I feel like they're just exactly
what i needed for my room since it needs
it a little twist so I sister Cynthia
gave me a Bluetooth tower speaker and
this is it's not in the boxes I already
have it hooked up in my room which I
thought so um not cute I'm just really
cool for my room because I love to
listen to music so actually I'm just in
bed and I just decided I want to listen
to music and a place on my stereo which
is awesome for me though y'all should
get one too well a lot of you guys don't
know but I actually got a boyfriend he's
a cute and buddy yeah so I'm gonna go
ahead and show you guys well you got me
he got me these really beautiful black
booties um I am a passionate person
about block yeah about black you got me
these really pretty black booties and I
absolutely love them I'm so excited to
wear them and I'll do enough in the day
with these on so yeah this is the boot
called um Nigerian so if you guys want
to go ahead and buy one for yourself sir
for your wife Thank You Tammy I love
that moving on to the full rock so one
of my favorite ones was this bucket of
paint so I love the way they put this
together a bucket of paint it's from
formula x I really love it there's a
bunch of real 22 meeting nail polishes
so I thought that was for
really really cute you just pop it open
and you have your nail polishes inside
so she also got me a Smashbox on the
rocks lip glosses and I'm actually
wearing this one on my lips right now I
thought it was very complementing color
on my skin tone it comes with five
really pretty nail polishes I'll
actually do a swab test and post that on
my Instagram the top of everything else
she also got me a bare mineral sample I
think this is foundation bareminerals
compressed powder found sample which I
thought was amazing and a good night
left tight sample so I'm actually and I
want to try all of this stuff and I
might even buy them so these samples are
the shizzle for shizzles Merry Christmas
my nizzle lie alright guys I'll talk to
you guys later thank you guys so much
for watching my new YouTube video and
make sure to subscribe because that
would make me the happiest person in the
world don't forget to tell me what you
got for christmas cuz i would really
really love to know if you guys have
some of this stuff or if you guys have
some of the lipsticks let me know if you
like up let me know the doll but I
really happen to like them actually
they're really sticky and I need a
sticky lipstick